README.md, before:

# Tableau 10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training for Data Science-Udemy
 Learn data visualization through Tableau 2020 and create opportunities for you or key decision-makers to discover data patterns such as customer purchase behavior, sales trends, or production bottlenecks.
 
 This Course is Available on [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/share/101WbsBUEecFdWRnQ=/)

## What I learnt From Course
* Install Tableau Desktop 2020
* Connect Tableau to various Datasets: Excel and CSV files
* Create Barcharts
* Create Area Charts
* Create Maps
* Create Scatterplots
* Create Piecharts
* Create Treemaps
* Create Interactive Dashboards
* Create Storylines
* Understand Types of Joins and how they work
* Work with Data Blending in Tableau
* Create Table Calculations
* Work with Parameters
* Create Dual Axis Charts
* Create Calculated Fields
* Create Calculated Fields in a Blend
* Export Results from Tableau into Powerpoint, Word, and other software
* Work with Timeseries Data (two methods)
* Creating Data Extracts in Tableau
* Understand Aggregation, Granularity, and Level of Detail
* Adding Filters and Quick Filters
* Create Data Hierarchies
* Adding Actions to Dashboards (filters & highlighting)
* Assigning Geographical Roles to Data Elements
* Advanced Data Preparation (including latest updates in Tableau)

## Instructor

![Kirill Eremenko](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Tableau-10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training-for-Data-Science-Udemy/blob/master/resource/kiril.jpg)

> **Kirill Eremenko** ,Data Scientist

## Reference Links
1. **Course Reference Thumbnail**

![Course Description](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Tableau-10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training-for-Data-Science-Udemy/blob/master/resource/Description.PNG)

> [Course Link](https://www.udemy.com/share/101WbsBUEecFdWRnQ=/)

2. **Provided By**

![Super Data Science Team](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Tableau-10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training-for-Data-Science-Udemy/blob/master/resource/27129696_acc1.jpg)

> **Note from Them** - We are the SuperDataScience Social team. You will be hearing from us when new SDS courses are released, when we publish new podcasts, blogs, share cheatsheets and more!.We are here to help you stay on the cutting edge of Data Science and Technology. 

3. **Certificate**

![Certificate](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Tableau-10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training-for-Data-Science-Udemy/blob/master/resource/Certificate.PNG)

> [Certificate](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-47decefd-dd8a-48cb-aab7-24bb8ede3998/)

4. **I am Extremely ThankFull For**

![Udemy](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Tableau-10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training-for-Data-Science-Udemy/blob/master/resource/Udemy.PNG)

> Course Link -> [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/share/101WbsBUEecFdWRnQ=/)

5. **Similar Courses**

> Power BI A-Z_Hands-On Power BI Training For Data Science
> Machine Learning & TrainingNeural Network in MATLAB

Commit message:

Github Link For Power Bi Course Added

README.md, after:

# Tableau 10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training for Data Science-Udemy
 Learn data visualization through Tableau 2020 and create opportunities for you or key decision-makers to discover data patterns such as customer purchase behavior, sales trends, or production bottlenecks.
 
 This Course is Available on [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/share/101WbsBUEecFdWRnQ=/)

## What I learnt From Course
* Install Tableau Desktop 2020
* Connect Tableau to various Datasets: Excel and CSV files
* Create Barcharts
* Create Area Charts
* Create Maps
* Create Scatterplots
* Create Piecharts
* Create Treemaps
* Create Interactive Dashboards
* Create Storylines
* Understand Types of Joins and how they work
* Work with Data Blending in Tableau
* Create Table Calculations
* Work with Parameters
* Create Dual Axis Charts
* Create Calculated Fields
* Create Calculated Fields in a Blend
* Export Results from Tableau into Powerpoint, Word, and other software
* Work with Timeseries Data (two methods)
* Creating Data Extracts in Tableau
* Understand Aggregation, Granularity, and Level of Detail
* Adding Filters and Quick Filters
* Create Data Hierarchies
* Adding Actions to Dashboards (filters & highlighting)
* Assigning Geographical Roles to Data Elements
* Advanced Data Preparation (including latest updates in Tableau)

## Instructor

![Kirill Eremenko](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Tableau-10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training-for-Data-Science-Udemy/blob/master/resource/kiril.jpg)

> **Kirill Eremenko** ,Data Scientist

## Reference Links
1. **Course Reference Thumbnail**

![Course Description](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Tableau-10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training-for-Data-Science-Udemy/blob/master/resource/Description.PNG)

> [Course Link](https://www.udemy.com/share/101WbsBUEecFdWRnQ=/)

2. **Provided By**

![Super Data Science Team](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Tableau-10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training-for-Data-Science-Udemy/blob/master/resource/27129696_acc1.jpg)

> **Note from Them** - We are the SuperDataScience Social team. You will be hearing from us when new SDS courses are released, when we publish new podcasts, blogs, share cheatsheets and more!.We are here to help you stay on the cutting edge of Data Science and Technology. 

3. **Certificate**

![Certificate](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Tableau-10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training-for-Data-Science-Udemy/blob/master/resource/Certificate.PNG)

> [Certificate](https://www.udemy.com/certificate/UC-47decefd-dd8a-48cb-aab7-24bb8ede3998/)

4. **I am Extremely ThankFull For**

![Udemy](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Tableau-10-A-Z-Hands-on-Tableau-Training-for-Data-Science-Udemy/blob/master/resource/Udemy.PNG)

> Course Link -> [Udemy](https://www.udemy.com/share/101WbsBUEecFdWRnQ=/)

5. **Similar Courses**

> Power BI A-Z_Hands-On Power BI Training For Data Science -> [Course link]() - [Github Link](https://github.com/Ashleshk/Power-BI-A-Z-Hands-On-Power-BI-Training-For-Data-Science-Udemy)
> Machine Learning & TrainingNeural Network in MATLAB -> [link]
